Cryo room: Taking a look around the room you realise that it is mostly how you remember it.
Cryo bays for 60 crew line the walls, all eerily empty. The fluorescent blue lights are mostly steady, 
and the terminal is humming softly in the corner….not literally, it’s a metaphor.

Bridge: The massive windows of the bridge are the first things that greet you, but they are not as
they once were. Large cracks run through them, and you start to feel lightheaded as you notice the
hissing of oxygen leaving the room. Blood has pooled around the Captain’s chair in the centre of the
room and you feel relieved when there isn’t a body sa- oh wait nope, that’s definitely a severed hand right there.

Escape pod room: Tens of corpses scattered across the floor in various states and…...pieces.
The crew must have ran here once they knew it was a lost cause as all but one of the escape pods
were gone, clearly not everyone made it. The remaining escape pod seems to be in working order,
but Kirill looks towards the panel controlling it and almost collapses to his knees in terror.....
the dreaded blue screen of doom. He thinks he may be able to fix it with a few tools of his trade, a
laptop and USB cable should suffice.

Life support:  The life support room has seen better days. Sparks fly from the system, revealing
the walls in sad flashes of light, and a small fire appears to be starting in the corner. There 
is a distinct smell of bacon in the air.

Engine room: The engines lay ominously silent for the first time Kirill could remember, the only
noise being the dismal creaking of the ship….. Should ships sound like that? Kirill hears the loud
sounds of snapping metal in the distance, followed by what could only be described as the twanging
of a giant rubber band…….nope….probably not.

Research room: Strange plants and creatures are scattered in glass containers throughout the room, 
you are acutely aware that some of the containers lie broken and empty........ Looking around more 
you start to fully realise the extent of the mess; pages of notes, chemicals, and lab equipment mix 
with the blood and the bodies of the main research team. Only one terminal is still in working order, 
the others having been seemingly smashed apart in the struggle.
