
Cryo room: Taking a look around the room you realise thatit is mostly how you remember it. 
Cryo bays for 60 crew line the walls, all eerily empty. The fluorescent blue lights are mostly
steady, and the terminal is humming softly in the corner….not literally, it’s a metaphor.

Bridge: The massive windows of the bridge are the first things that greet you, but they are
not as they once were. Large cracks run through them, and you start to feel lightheaded as 
you notice the hissing of oxygen leaving the room. Blood has pooled around the Captain’s chair
in the centre of the room and you feel relieved when there isn’t a body sa- oh wait nope, that’s
definitely a severed hand right there.

Escape pod room: Tens of corpses scattered across the floor in various states and…...pieces.
It reminds you of rugby. The crew must have ran here once they knew Wales had lost as all but 
one of the escape pods were gone, clearly not everyone made it. 
Only appears when you first enter: (The remaining escape pod seems to be in working order,
you towards the panel controlling it and almost collapses to his knees in terror….the dreaded
blue screen of doom. He thinks he may be able to fix it with a few tools of his trade, a laptop
and USB cable should suffice.)

Life support:  The life support room has seen better days. Sparks fly from the system, 
revealing the walls in sad flashes of light and leaving dark and shady corners throughout.
You squint your eyes to see, a faint message written on the wall “FORGIVE ME…” There is a 
distinct smell of bacon in the air. 

Engine room: The engines lay ominously silent for the first time Kirill could remember,
the only noise being the dismal creaking of the ship….. Should ships sound like that? You
hear the loud sounds of snapping metal in the distance, followed by what could only be 
described as the twanging of a giant rubber band…….nope….probably not.

Research room: Strange plants and creatures are scattered in glass containers throughout 
the room, you are acutely aware that some of the containers lie broken and empty........ 
Looking around more you start to fully realise the extent of the mess; pages of notes, chemicals,
and lab equipment mix with the blood and the bodies of the main research team. Only one terminal
is still in working order, the others having been seemingly smashed apart in the struggle.

Kitchen:  Multiple stoves and ovens line one side of the room, with various kitchen tools and utensils 
scattered throughout. As you look around you start to remember you used to have a thing for the old 
cafeteria lady, Dorothy. She was sexy as can be, legs as long as a runway, curves that would make an 
hour glass jealous. You have many fond memories of this place and feel a deep warmth grow from within.
You regret the mistakes that have led to this day, the life you could have had…..Was it hot in here? 
